---
title: Post1
date: 2025-04-01
---

# Project 1-1: Examine Data Breaches – Visual 

Estimated Time: 20 minutes

Objective: Research the biggest data breaches.

Description: In this project, you use a visual format to view the biggest data breaches resulting in stolen information.


1 Open your web browser and enter the URL http://www.informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/worlds-biggest-data-breaches-hacks. (If you are no longer able to access the site through this web address, use a search engine to search for “Information Is Beautiful World’s Biggest Data Breaches.”)


2 This site will display a visual graphic of the data breaches, similar to the image below.


3 Scroll down the page to view the data breaches by year. Note that the size of the breach is indicated by the size of the bubble.


4 Scroll back up to the top.


5 Hover over several bubbles to read a quick story of the breach.


6 Note the color of the bubbles that have an “Interesting Story.” Click one of the bubbles and read the story. When finished, close only this tab in your browser.


7 Click filter to display the filter menu.


8 Under sector, click retail to view those breaches related to the retail industry.


9 Click one of the bubbles and read the story.


10 Click RESET in the filter menu.


11 Select the sector finance.


12 Select the method poor security.


13 Click one of the bubbles and read the story.


14 Create your own filters to view different types of breaches. Does this graphic convey a compelling story of data breaches?


15 How does this visualization help you with the understanding of threats?


16 Close all windows.
